# Meeting 11-7

## 5pm, ITLL 141

## In attendance

- Ann Marie Mahon
- Connor Dowd
- Kakam Chen
- Josh Brown
- Han Yin
- Keyu Wu
- Alex Sandridge
- Garrison Lee

## Topics covered & Decisions made

- Requirements document
  - Will use username and password as identifier
  - Need to update 2 based on that
  - 3 needs more info on the server
  - Updated aims in 4.1
  - Update diagram in 5
  - Review style across document
  - Unsure server setup based on Jon & Josh's responses
- Separate Slack server for use with Sponsor created
- Created high level plan
- Sent link to new Slack server to Sponsor

## Next Meeting

- 11-14, 5pm, ITLL
